convert vignette rmd code chunks to plain R chunks to prevent eval (#303)
r-lib/gargle: NEWS.md

# gargle (development version)

> * In vignettes, convert all `{r eval=FALSE}` chunks to plain `r` chunks to prevent any chance of vignette code evaluation while maintaining R syntax highlighting (#301, @tanho63)

Author: ```suggestion
* In the non-interactive-auth vignette, convert all `{r eval=FALSE}` chunks to plain `r` chunks to prevent any chance of vignette code evaluation while maintaining R syntax highlighting (#301, @tanho63)
```

Reviewer: TBH this bullet won't survive to a release, because we don't mention internal changes like this in NEWS.
